README.md, before:

# CalcifyArchive

Tool for creating a single page static site for hosting articles and blog posts, built on Typescript and Python, mimicking a desktop file browser.

# Example

[jtpond.github.io](https://jtpond.github.io)

## Requirements

 * Python (> 3.6)
  * commonmark module
 * Typescript compiler

## How To

  1. Clone the repository
  2. In the static subdirectory, run either `build.sh` or `build.bat` depending on your system.
  3. In the root directory, run `python(3) indexer.py <path/to/dir/to/be/archived>`. Get help: `python(3) indexer.py -h`.
  4. Modify `./dist/index.json` for your settings:
    1. Set any pinned articles `pinned` field to `true`.
    2. Update the `f_order` and `a_order` field of any folders that have specific orders for how they should appear in the client.
  5. Deploy:
    1. Point a webserver at the `./dist/` directory, or
    2. Commit `./dist/` to GitHub pages, or
    3. Sync `./dist/` to another static CDS like S3+CloudFront

## Archive format

  * Each article is an HTML, or markdown file.
  * For HTML there's no need to add a head, or the body tags.
    * You have two options:
      * `parent_dir/article_name.html`, or `parent_dir/article_name/article.html` with a companion `parent_dir/article_name/assets/` which can contain anything your article references.
        * If you use the second option, always use `src="./assets/blah.blah"`, the indexer will replace all of these patterns with `src="./archive/path/to/assets/blah.blah"`.
  * For markdown you can only use the second option and `parent_dir/article_name/article.html` will be created from `parent_dir/article_name/article.md` using commonmark. The assets directory is the same.

## Re-indexing

Re-running the indexer will update any articles' html form and their modified time and update `dist/`.

If you've moved dist somewhere other than the cwd, you'll need to specify the location of the current index by running: `python(3) indexer.py <path/to/dir/to/be/archived> <path/to/dist/index.json>`

## Other Content

For content other than basic md/html content you can create an `article_name/article.html` where the article is:
```html
  <object height="100%" width="100%" type="content/type" data="./assets/other.content">
    Not Supported
  </object>
```
and the indexer will update the data field and the object will load naturally in the client. This works well with Jupyter Notebooks exported as html.

Commit message:

Updated styling and protect modified html

README.md, after:

# CalcifyArchive

Tool for creating a single page static site for hosting articles and blog posts, built on Typescript and Python, mimicking a desktop file browser.

# Example

[jtpond.github.io](https://jtpond.github.io)

## Requirements

 * Python (> 3.6)
  * commonmark module
 * Typescript compiler

## How To

  1. Clone the repository
  2. In the static subdirectory, run either `build.sh` or `build.bat` depending on your system.
  3. In the root directory, run `python(3) indexer.py <path/to/dir/to/be/archived>`. Get help: `python(3) indexer.py -h`.
  4. Modify `./dist/index.json` for your settings:
    1. Set any pinned articles `pinned` field to `true`.
    2. Update the `f_order` and `a_order` field of any folders that have specific orders for how they should appear in the client.
  5. Deploy:
    1. Point a webserver at the `./dist/` directory, or
    2. Commit `./dist/` to GitHub pages, or
    3. Sync `./dist/` to another static CDS like S3+CloudFront

## Archive format

  * Each article is an HTML, or markdown file.
  * For HTML there's no need to add a head, or the body tags.
    * You have two options:
      * `parent_dir/article_name.html`, or `parent_dir/article_name/article.html` with a companion `parent_dir/article_name/assets/` which can contain anything your article references.
        * If you use the second option, always use `src="./assets/blah.blah"`, the indexer will replace all of these patterns with `src="./archive/path/to/assets/blah.blah"`.
  * For markdown you can only use the second option and `parent_dir/article_name/article.html` will be created from `parent_dir/article_name/article.md` using commonmark. The assets directory is the same.

## Re-indexing

Re-running the indexer will update any articles' html form and their modified time and update `dist/`.

If you've modified any `article.html` files that were produced by the indexer such that their modified time is greater than their markdown version, the indexer will not overwrite them. If you modify the markdown file, though, the html will get overwritten.

## Other Content

For content other than basic md/html content you can create an `article_name/article.html` where the article is:
```html
  <object height="100%" width="100%" type="content/type" data="./assets/other.content">
    Not Supported
  </object>
```
and the indexer will update the data field and the object will load naturally in the client. This works well with Jupyter Notebooks exported as html.
